yeah
let's get this thing rolling
here
I'm ready to get started today
is the opening day of the season
and we're ready to go for gold
but I'm chomping at the bit
we've got home field advantage
we came out on top last season
we plan on doing it again this
year
these northern boats are going
to be a fish out of water they
don't have a chance here this
year last year was in second
place
that's tough but this year I'm
trying to be friends and going
to be everyone down here where
to get one today baby
yeah going fishing let's go
fishing boys
we struggled last season down
here in the outer banks that's
the only way really you can put
it we stop we can catch nearly
as many fish we should have very
good
we gotta perform better and I'm
optimistic we will let's go see
if we can catch a few fish
let's hope the fish cooperate
we've come back to North
Carolina it banks and more money
for the family
all right Jay let's go we spent
a lot of money hit down here
huge commitment the key will be
can we make this gamble pay off
failure is not an option for the
hard merchandise
the reels of fortune was in the
slip next to me last season so I
got to know him and his son Jake
pretty good
they always came back to the jog
with fish in the boat so I know
they're going to be a force to
be reckoned with
got a little Jay we got one
where is it is easy
looks like a pretty good splash
definitely definitely of blue
pen
we get that wrap things acting
really crazy i'm not liking the
way things are up in the water
so much
this right here is the one we
need to start everything I look
at home
trust me inside I'm a raw nerve
and I can't even breathe right
now
this thing is really doing a lot
of sporadically over the plate
man this is pulling this is
really pulling hard
only two are one big apple Jake
thinking that you got right out
ya see them off his hands on
that's a good for my heart out
of it
nothing in there but God County
the bar of all the more than a
little butterball
we can do it lowered sup want to
run this biggest space we've got
two or three years this is a
great start
I cannot wait to get him in
there and see what this thing's
woman 1 hey grip what do you got
for me today
this is definitely gonna be a
good one looks like a nice fish
Charlie let's get it up and get
a weight on it
who
524 that's a good one it's a
nice fish for the market
sixteen dollars a pound great
man thank you yessir that's
great i renounce the ideal
we'll see you tomorrow afternoon
with another big load